Implement font-variant-emoji #22118 (#22794)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/font-variant-emoji/index.md

#### HTML

```html hidden
<p class="nosupport">Your Browser does not support <code>font-variant-emoji</code>. This image shows how it is rendered with support.</p>
<img class="nosupport" src="./font-variant-emoji-example.jpg" alt="a telephone emoji show as text, black and white next to a telephone emoji shown as emoji full color and graphical representation">
```

```html
<section class="emojis">
  <div class="emoji">
    <h2>text presentation</h2>
    <div class="text-presentation">☎</div>
  </div>
  <div class="emoji">
    <h2>emoji presentation</h2>
    <div class="emoji-presentation">☎</div>
  </div>
</section>
```

#### CSS

```css hidden
@supports (font-variant-emoji:emoji) {
  .nosupport {
    display: none;
  }
  .emojis {
    display: flex;
    flex-direction: row;
    justify-content: space-around;
  }
  .emoji > div {
    font-size: 2rem;
  }
}

@supports not (font-variant-emoji:emoji) {
  .emojis {
    display: none;
  }
}

```

```css
.text-presentation {
  font-variant-emoji: text;
}

.emoji-presentation {
  font-variant-emoji: emoji;
}
```

#### Result

{{ EmbedLiveSample('Changing the way an emoji is displayed') }}

> ## Accessibility concerns
> 
> While the use of emojis may be fun you should consider their impact on accessibility, specifically for users with visual and cognitive impairments.
> 
> - [Emojis and accessibility: How to use them properly](https://uxdesign.cc/emojis-in-accessibility-how-to-use-them-properly-66b73986b803)
> 
> ### Screen-readers
> 
> Consider the position of an emoji in the content as screen-readers will read out the alt text of an emoji. Repeated and over-use of emojis will have a detrimental effect on screen-reader users. It is better to use emoji than emoticons which would be read out as punctuation characters.
> 
> ### Contrast
> 
> When using emojis you should consider their colors and how that will work with the background color, especially if you have background colors that can change such as light/dark modes.
> 
> ### Meaning of emojis
> 
> Do not use emojis to replace words as your understanding of the meaning may differ from the users. Use commonly known emojis that and consider that emojis will have different meanings in different cultures.

Reviewer: Thank you for adding this content!!

How about replacing the sub-sections with bullet points and moving the link to the "See also" section? 

```suggestion
## Accessibility concerns

While the use of emojis may seem fun, you should consider their impact on accessibility, specifically for users with visual and cognitive impairments. Consider the following factors while using emojis:

- Display on screen-readers: Screen-readers will read out the alt text of an emoji. Keep this in mind to consider the position of an emoji in the content. Repeated and overuse of emojis will have a detrimental effect on screen-reader users. It is better to use emojis than emoticons; emoticons will be read out as punctuation characters.

- Contrast with background: When using emojis, consider their colors and how that will work with the background color, especially if you have background colors that can change, such as light/dark modes.

- Intent of use: Do not use emojis to replace words because your understanding of the emoji meaning may differ from that of the users'. Also consider that emojis might have different meanings in different cultures and geographies. Our recommendation is to preferably limit usage to commonly known emojis.
```

Reviewer: Please feel free to suggest alternate/better bullet point lead-ins

## Specifications

{{Specifications}}

## Browser compatibility

{{Compat}}

## See also

- [font-variant](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-variant)
- [font-variant-alternates](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-variant-alternates)
- [font-variant-caps](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-variant-caps)
- [font-variant-east-asian](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-variant-east-asian)
- [font-variant-ligatures](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-variant-ligatures)

> - [font-variant-numeric](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-variant-numeric)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [font-variant-numeric](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-variant-numeric)
- [Emojis and accessibility: How to use them properly](https://uxdesign.cc/emojis-in-accessibility-how-to-use-them-properly-66b73986b803)
```

Author: I like this idea of moving the link to _See also_ section
